#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-countries
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.16.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.1
    # via requests
coverage[toml]==7.3.2
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==41.0.5
    # via social-auth-core
defusedxml==0.8.0rc2
    # via
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
dj-database-url==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==4.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-denied
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   djoser
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-countries==7.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-debug-toolbar==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-denied==1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==23.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-simple-history==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-templated-mail==1.1.1
    # via djoser
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
djangorestframework-simplejwt==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djoser
djoser==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
execnet==2.0.2
    # via pytest-xdist
factory-boy==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-factoryboy
faker==19.12.0
    # via factory-boy
gunicorn==21.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.4
    # via requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via pytest-factoryboy
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   gunicorn
    #   pytest
pillow==10.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via pytest
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygraphviz==1.11
    # via -r requirements.in
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   social-auth-core
pytest==7.4.3
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-factoryboy
    #   pytest-socket
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-django==4.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-factoryboy==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-socket==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-xdist==3.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   faker
    #   time-machine
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via social-auth-core
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via djangorestframework
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via social-auth-core
sentry-sdk==1.32.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
social-auth-app-django==5.4.0
    # via djoser
social-auth-core==4.4.2
    # via social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
time-machine==2.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-countries
    #   pytest-factoryboy
urllib3==2.0.7
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
